Yes, it was great, but I just think, you know, I go to
bed at night sometimes, I just think how wonderful
it's going to be that he's still alive and vigorous
and can have interchanges with our society. Yeah,
yeah. And that's what he's going to do. He likes to
come on the quids of the library. Right. And he has
come to settle in here. Well, he really does love
it. He likes it, that's right. Yeah, he does. He
does have a nice place to stay, too. Yeah. So,
November's dedication. November 5th
and 6th. What impact do you think, this is a very
broad closing comment, what impact do you think
the press has, what they have, what have been its
high points, low points, what do you see as... Is it
in trouble? No, I don't think so.
You know, I don't really see low points. I guess
maybe I'm an optimist. But I see nothing but high
points in the West. And I have not ever been
discouraged. We've had the people, most of our
presidents have been interested in the press and
have carried it forward. I guess we had one
president that wasn't so interested. That's all
right. But we managed to, if there was a low point, I
guess maybe that was it. But that was a little
discouraging at times. He didn't do anything to
hurt us. He didn't do anything to help us, but he
didn't do anything to hurt us. And now we've got
Bowen who gives away books at our luncheons every
day and every football game. And those are
wonderful things. And that's kind of what I
envision.
Those things, those books have Texas A&M on them
and they're in people's bookshelves and
libraries forever. You know, that was one of
Frank's letters, and in that Type 22 article he
did, he carefully explained why a press is
important at the University of New York. Right.
And I think that needs to be reiterated over and
over again. I do, too. That's one of the things I
hope to do with this book. Right. I agree with you.
Because it is a, they are wonderful things that,
you know, People, I envy people that read more than
I do, and most people do. Because they do, they just
get a lot out of life. But it's very, it's just
wonderful that they do. Do you think the, in terms
of, this is really up your ball, In terms of the
kinds of books we publish, are you satisfied? Yes.
Oh, yeah. I'm very, very pleased with what we've
published. You think Frank is still right on with
the regional Texas thrust? Yeah, I do. And I think
he'd be very proud of our selection every year. I
can't think of a single year that he wouldn't have
been proud of. That's why I'm really trying to get
this down very tightly in the early phase because I
think whatever he's set down, that's the way it's
been. It really is. I think so too. It's fallen
through very, very much. I think so too. We're
proud of all of our authors. Isn't our friend Frank
Vandiver? Yes. He's got another book coming. Have
you seen his book yet? No, I have not. I use Frank's
book, Blood Brothers, I guess, in my classes. I've
got two of these big survey classes. 350 students
in one, 150 in the other. I use Frank's Blood
Brothers. I used to ask him to come in and lecture.
He loves to, but now he's got a tape. Oh, really? Oh,
he is great. I just think he is so wonderful. I'm
going to try to talk to him, too, because he... He
was supposed to be involved with Wardlaw before
the press came in. Yes, he was. He knew him in
Austin. Yeah, his father taught him. His favorite
father taught him. And I'm sure he would have said,
nah, he's not coming over to the college station.
You know, it was like that. There was no way you'd
get Ward Lovett. How about the region from the
press now? Was that a pretty happy accord? Oh,
sure. They were sensitive and understanding?
They were. Several of them. I had Vandiver come to
the last Board of Regents meeting and Tom Rotell. I
put it on. I used it as an excuse for his new book
that's coming out. And he brought books for all the
regents. He signed them all and gave each one of
them one. And several of the regents came up to me
afterwards and said, what a nice thing to do. And
thanked me for calling this to their attention. So
it was, yes, they liked the
press. So that was good. Well, wouldn't you like
it? That's right. That's the good point. The kind
of books we publish are certainly They're not
controversial in any way at all. They're just all
scholarly books. I mean, I know I've been over the
back of the Committee of the Press now. That's a
win-win situation. Well, yeah. I know Clint
Phillips always said, you know, that's one of the
happiest things I've ever done in Texas A&M is be on
the Press Committee. It really is. Haskell Monroe
said that, too. Haskell's moving back, I guess. I
know it. Yes, I do know it. Catch him. I'm very
excited about that sort of thing. Yeah, that's
great. Yes, by all means, be sure and talk to him.
He's somebody that's, bless his heart, you know,
when they tore the old press building, the old
border, he just built it down after the fire. He
gets in there and, you know, gets bricks and pieces
of the building or something. Well, he got one of
these big old weights in the windows, you know, the
array of the windows. That big... round iron thing
that goes up and think, well, he got one of those for
me. He brought it home to my house. Of course, I
never would have thought of having one of those.
Well, I have one. You still have it. I still have it.
Sure, I do. And I think of Haskell every time I see
that. I told him when we tore down the Warefield
house that I'm going to get a brick from there. I
wonder if he still hauls those bricks around.
Sure, he does. I know he does, because he keeps
them. Well, any
last
words?